Meetup Related Resources Update (#39)
w3c/wot-cg: Minutes/2023/2023_04_28-minutes.md

... it allows to configure agents.

Simon Mayer: The IDE fetches TDs from Yggdrasil

Simon Mayer: The agent abstraction is better for programing 

Simon Mayer: Bindings are resolved in runtime and this can be a way for Agents creation by WoT

#### TD Negotiation

Simon Mayer: our goal is to have TDs as late as possible

... so that we can optimize everything

Simon Mayer: There are non functional requirements like security that can be changed in run time

#### Journaling

Simon Mayer: How to record what is happening in runtime 

#### Affordance Theory

Simon Mayer: we want to use signifiers

### Wrap Up

Simon Mayer: WoT is a good fit for achieving interoperability since it is very flexible

#### Questions and Answers

Ege Korkan: is Yggdrasil a TDD?

Simon Mayer: yes. It is WoT Hive in the background with some additional. Agents also have TDs that describe the interfaces. It also runs the agents as well.

Cristiano Aguzzi: Journaling can be used to optimize the interactions?

Simon Mayer: There can be lots that can be done with this. Our partners were thinking of auditing use cases, like legal implications.

Simon Mayer: it would be nice to include payments as well.

> Cristiano Aguzzi: We have used dockers but it was abstracting a bit to much

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cristiano Aguzzi: We have used docker containers but it was abstracting a bit too much
```

spotted this small typo.
